welcome to go for gold football's
knockout quiz based in and about the
game's hottest region where else but
right here in the northwest we're coming
a step closer to finding the eventual
winners who'll receive 5,000 pounds to
donate to a charity of their choice and
straight away let's meet tonight's teams
first of all Burnley who beat Stockport
62 in the last match a lot closer though
than the scoreline suggests manager
Jimmy Mullen is with us now he's made a
team change we've got defender Ian
Meacham in the side today and guest
supporter none of the match last time
out Layton James and that's the Burnley
team
against everton today would be Barry in
the last round they've also made a team
change in fact representing the club for
the third time in his career David
Johnson man-of-the-match last time out
Gary Ablett and one of the most popular
players in snooker the former world
champion John parrot and that's the
Everton team always the idea of the game
is to go for goal the difficulty that
goal attempt depends on the number of
correct answers in the round one out of
three for a long shot two out of three
for a half chance at all three correct
gives a chance to shoot at an open goal
and of course no correct answers at all
means no goal attempt as always round
one is club call questions to the
players about their own clubs Burnley
first Jimmy your question you know the
routine by now you can confer which Cup
did birdly win in the 1978-79 season
anglo Scottish Cup you ride Jim Lyn's
right well let's see if Leighton can be
right again which ex Burnley player had
two spells as manager at turf moor the
first of which was from nineteen seventy
nine to nineteen eighty-three Brian
Miller is correct Ian in 1984 Burnley
equalled their highest ever win by
beating which non league team nine mil
in an FA cup tie penrith is correct
three out of three let's go for goal so
an early chance for Burnley to open
their account today let's have a look at
a picture obscured by a football but
three out of three gives you three
pieces to be removed now what is the
occasion Jimmy thinks it's the 1991
rumbles Cup final when Manchester native
wood beaten by Sheffield Wednesday very
comprehensive answer Leighton let's see
if you're right
hopefully the giveaway is that the cut
was still in sight because of course at
wembley in the league cup the losers go
up first as opposed to the FA cup where
the winners go up first and remove the
trophy Everton let's move on to you your
club call questions David welcome to go
for goal who's Everton's most capped
player you can confirm after conferring
Neville subtle good start David well
done John Gary Lineker played just one
season at Everton and he played 41
league games how many league goals did
he score in those games he's gone 43
over at all 30 very well worked out John
absolutely right Gary which Everton
player scored a hat-trick on his england
debut in 1964 he wasn't even born then
i'm just getting that question well you
certainly were we think it's Fred
Pickering Gary you're absolutely right
who also scored a hat-trick for his
Everton debut against nottingham forest
so once again three out of three let's
go for gold
so it's a hundred percent so far let's
take a look at another picture obscured
by the old ball three pieces to be
removed everton to equalise tell us what
it's about we think it's possibly the
goal that took hold them into these give
them promotion in other words that
dramatic moment when Neil redfin's
penalty beat North County 32 let's see
if you're right
that really was a very good spot indeed
not easy oldham winning promotion as a
result of that victory so at the end of
brown one the score burnley warm everton
13 seconds to each team all they have to
do is tell me whether they're true or
false burnet let's start with you and
once again you can confer although Bob
Paisley 16 league championships as a
manager he never won one as a player
true or false don't look at me like that
true false he won a championship medal
in 1947 no British club has beaten real
madrid in madrid in the Bernabeu stadium
true that is correct Leyton Orient
football club took the name orient
because the founding members had all met
whilst working in China Leyton Orient
but my mother get her and from him my
brother never be the genuine eyes true
false they were called Orient because
many of them work for the Orient
shipping line so that's one out of three
let's go for go
dr Bernie's chance for a 2-1 lead going
to show you some action who played the
overhead kick who scored the goal and
who was the beaten goalkeeper and as you
only got one out of the three questions
right we need to know all three
participants
keep always very Clemens scorer George
Graham and the overhead kick with John
Radford so you've gone for Radford
Graham and Clements let's see if you're
right
it was a jolly close attempt I mean
that's the equivalent of hitting the
side netting I think Layton recall the
incident most vividly but he plum for
the wrong scorer Radford's overhead
George Graham claimed it but Eddie Kelly
was later credited for the beating of
ray Clemence